Description                                                                                                                         
Write a spell checking program which uses a dictionary file to find 
misspelled words in a text document. Your program should prompt the user 
for the name of the input file and the name of the dictionary file. A 
valid dictionary file contains an alphabetized list of words, one word 
per line. A sample dictionary file is located in D2L.

Functional requirements:

For each word in the input file, your program should search the 
dictionary file for the given word. If the word is not in the 
dictionary, you program should print the message "Unknown word <word> 
found in line <line #> of the input file" to standard output. Hence you 
will need to read the text file one line at a time. You may find it 
helpful to use the getline function from the <string> library, and also 
the stringstream class from <sstream>. A stringstream object is a stream 
that has a string as its source rather than a file. You can read more 
about stringstreams at 
http://www.cplusplus.com/ref/iostream/stringstream/.
After traversing the entire text file, your program should print a 
message describing the total number of misspelled words in the file.
A dictionary file may contain words in uppercase, lowercase, or a 
mixture of both. You program should recognize words regardless of case. 
So if "dog" is in the dictionary file, the word "dOG" should be 
recognized as a valid word.
Within a line, a word is a white-space delimited string of characters. 
Any number of sequential non-alphabetic characters at the end of a word 
should be ignored. So "dog12" and "Dog!" are valid words (assuming the 
dictionary contains "dog") but "do-g" or "d.o.g." are not. You may find 
that the isalpha function from <ctype.h> makes this easier. Read more 
about isalpha here: http://www.cppreference.com/stdstring/isalpha.html.
 
Implementation requirements:

Implement and use a function bool word_search(string word, string dict), 
which returns true if the word word is found in the dictionary file 
named dict. When word_search is called is must open the dict file using 
a local ifstream variable, and it must close the file before it returns. 
The function returns false if the word is not found or if the dictionary 
file is not valid.
Implement and use a function bool bad_word(string word, int line, 
ostream& out) which prints the error message "Unknown word word found in 
line line of the input file" to the specified stream. The function 
returns true if the message is printed successfully, false if there is a 
problem (if, for example, out is an ofstream object not associated with 
an open file.)
You must put the functions above, and any other functions you write 
other than main, into prog02lib.cpp, while main goes in to prog02.cpp. 
Both .cpp files should have associatede .h files, and you should create 
a makefile that uses separate compilation to build prog02.exe from your 
source code.
Submitting your program

You submit your program using the dropbox feature of Desire2Learn. The 
D2L dropbox will allow you to upload your program's source code file 
using a Web browser. For this assignment, your program's source code and 
make file must be saved in a directory called prog02, and a zipped or 
tarred archive of this directory should be submitted to the Program 2 
dropbox.
